README.md, before:

Asymmetrical Fraynkie
=====================

Modified version of assist template but uses asymmetrical sprites.
To demonstrate that it's possible, and how to set it up


Also includes script for replacing left animation assets with the correct sprite.

DISCLAIMER: I see the following warning when opening fraytools:
```
 Warning - Assets with conflicting GUIDs exist in the project! (See log panel)
```
so use the script with caution ... doesn't seem to impact anything though.

Pre-requisites
==============
- script requires Python 3 installed
- directory with right-facing sprites
- directory of left-facing sprites with same names as right-facing ones

Workflow
========
- Open fraytools with the sprite directories setup, and save 
    - This setups up the metadata
- Duplicate any right-facing animation and change the name from `<animation> (copy)` to `<animation>__left`
- Add all added animations to `AnimationStats.hx`
    - Some animations aren't in the file for right facing! but necessary to be added for left
- Run script:
    - open folder in terminal
    - run script with sprite directories
      i.e. `python3 ./replace_left_anims.py --entity library/entities/character.entity  --left "library/sprites/0_body pieces/body_left" --right "library/sprites/0_body pieces/body"`
- Open fraytools, verify that the __left animations now use the correct sprites
- Export and test

Should be able to rerun the script for any updates to animations or updates to the `character.entity` files.

Commit message:

Add hitboxes 🤦‍♀️
- also add a note that some copied stats are dumb
- and note in readme about left facing sprites

README.md, after:

Asymmetrical Fraynkie
=====================

Modified version of assist template but uses asymmetrical sprites.
To demonstrate that it's possible, and how to set it up


Also includes script for replacing left animation assets with the correct sprite.

DISCLAIMER: I see the following warning when opening fraytools:
```
 Warning - Assets with conflicting GUIDs exist in the project! (See log panel)
```
so use the script with caution ... doesn't seem to impact anything though.

Pre-requisites
==============
- script requires Python 3 installed
- directory with right-facing sprites
- directory of left-facing sprites with same names as right-facing ones
    - these sprites should still "face the right" but have whatever differences only apply to the left side
    - alternatively in fraytools, can manually change the scale to flip the sprites after running the steps below
        - this is can't be done automatically since the position also needs to change

Workflow
========
- Open fraytools with the sprite directories setup, and save 
    - This setups up the metadata
- Duplicate any right-facing animation and change the name from `<animation> (copy)` to `<animation>__left`
- Add all added animations to `AnimationStats.hx`
    - Some animations aren't in the file for right facing! but necessary to be added for left
- Run script:
    - open folder in terminal
    - run script with sprite directories
      i.e. `python3 ./replace_left_anims.py --entity library/entities/character.entity  --left "library/sprites/0_body pieces/body_left" --right "library/sprites/0_body pieces/body"`
- Open fraytools, verify that the __left animations now use the correct sprites
- Export and test

Should be able to rerun the script for any updates to animations or updates to the `character.entity` files.
